{"bbc_news_-_europe": ["Catalonia Spain: Officials 'won't follow orders from Madrid' The warning comes as the Spanish government moves to reassert control over the region's authorities.", "Russian radio presenter Felgengauer stabbed in neck A top Russian broadcaster is seriously ill in hospital after a man stabbed her in the neck at work.", "Macron's dog Nemo filmed peeing on Elyse\u0301e fireplace French TV was filming the president chatting with junior ministers when Nemo stole the scene.", "German 'far-right' gunman jailed for life in Nuremberg A German man linked to far-right extremists gets life in jail for killing a policeman in Bavaria.", "May positive on Brexit 'progress' But Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn says the PM's update sounds like \"Groundhog Day\".", "Rio police shoot dead Spanish tourist on favela tour Military police say they accidentally shot the woman when the car she was in failed to stop.", "UK business leaders unite in Brexit warning Britain's five biggest business lobby groups unite to call for swift action on transition plans.", "Ronald Koeman: Everton sack manager after Arsenal defeat Everton sack manager Ronald Koeman after a 5-2 home defeat by Arsenal puts them into the Premier League relegation zone.", "Italy referendums: Lombardy and Veneto 'back greater autonomy' Central government says the polls are unnecessary but they are permitted under the constitution.", "Police 'end' UK bowling alley siege Two hostages were held by a suspected gunman in an incident police say was not terror-related.", "Runners take wrong turn during Venice Marathon The race had an unexpected winner after a motorcycle escort led the lead group off route.", "Thousands march in Berlin against far-right party Berlin sees protests against the far-right Alternative For Germany days before they enter parliament.", "Spain FM: 'Many police violence pictures fake' Spanish Foreign Minister Alfonso Dastis was speaking to Andrew Marr about the Catalan referendum.", "The Parisian 'on-street concierge' service It's filling the hole left by the disappearance of the traditional building concierge.", "Crumbling parliament What does the state of the Palace of Westminster tell us about our politics?", "Delicate task The prime minister has meandered through previous crises but that won't work now, says Tom Burridge.", "Coming into fashion How the body art of the Moscow underworld is coming back into fashion.", "Dangerous work On just one night a year Faroese men can hunt gannet chicks, considered a delicacy. It involves a dangerous climb down steep cliffs.", "Positive noises It is no surprise EU leaders sought to put a positive spin on negotiations, writes Laurence Peter.", "A populist billionaire The populist anti-immigration candidate who could become Czech Republic's next prime minister.", "The Brit in Tbilisi The ex-librarian from London moved to Georgia five years ago and is running for office in Tbilisi.", "China lifts ban on stinky cheese Import ban on Roquefort, Brie, Danish Blue, Gorgonzola and Stilton to be lifted immediately.", "Bombardier to partner Airbus on C-Series jets The European aerospace firm is to take a majority stake in Bombardier's C-Series jet project."], "cnn.com_-_rss_channel_-_regions_-_europe": ["Catalonia's leaders slam Spanish government plans for direct rule Catalan leaders have insisted they will reject any attempt by Madrid to impose direct rule on their autonomous region, as a political crisis escalates over Catalonia's threats to declare independence from Spain. ", "Party of 'Czech Trump' wins election Billionaire tycoon Andrej Babis was set to become the Czech Republic's next prime minister after his ANO party won with a significant margin in the country's general election on Saturday. ", "Two Italian regions hold referendums While the rest of the world has its eyes on the outcome of Catalonia's tussle for independence, two of Italy's most prosperous regions are set to go against the establishment with a vote of their own. ", "EU gives UK's May a boost in Brexit talks European leaders have indicated that they are ready to start discussing their post-Brexit relationship the UK, giving embattled British Prime Minister Theresa May a much-needed boost after months of talks that appeared to be going nowhere. ", "Son claims Maltese journalist 'assassinated' The son of Daphne Caruana Galizia, the investigative journalist who was killed in an apparent car bombing Monday in Malta, says his mother was \"assassinated\" because of her work uncovering corruption. ", "Kids to sue 47 countries over climate change A group of Portuguese children whose district was ravaged by deadly forest fires this summer is to sue 47 European nations, accusing them of failing to take action on climate change. ", "Can Muguruza steal world No. 1 spot? In a year when five different players held the No. 1 ranking in women's tennis, Garbine Muguruza and Simona Halep are among those hoping to finish 2017 at No. 1 as they play at the year-end championships in Singapore. ", "Fernando Alonso and McLaren 'extend partnership' Two-time Formula One world champion Fernando Alonso will race for McLaren in 2018, the British team has confirmed. ", "Can Napoli free itself from Maradona memories? Walking down Naples' narrow streets, they say you can taste football. ", "Portugal and Spain wildfires kill 44 At least 44 people have been killed in wildfires in Portugal and Spain, according to officials from both countries. ", "France may fine catcallers Men who catcall, harass or follow women on the street in France could face on-the-spot fines under a new sexual-abuse law planned by the country's minister for gender equality. ", "UK royal baby due date announced Britain's Prince William and his wife Catherine have revealed that their third child is due in April next year. ", "Study: Insect populations down by 75% A new scientific study has found \"dramatic\" and \"alarming\" declines in insect populations in areas in Germany, which researchers say could have far-reaching consequences for the world's crop production and natural ecosystems. ", "Rare color photos of WWII  ", "Why Potsdam is the Versailles of Germany Situated sublimely on the banks of the Havel River, Potsdam is Germany at its most regal. ", "There's an entire German town in Argentina The wood-beamed cottages, hand-painted decorations and flower boxes overflowing with red blooms are telltale features of a typical German mountain town, but La Cumbrecita is a long way from Bavaria. ", "New life for grand European ruin?  ", "Button eyes Super GT in 2018  ", "Italian town will pay you to move there  ", "Gene Simmons on Prince: He 'did it all' KISS bassist Gene Simmons speaks to CNN's Pamela Brown about his immense respect for Prince. ", "Mysterious fireball lights up night sky A bright glowing object, believed to be a meteor, flashed through the atmosphere above northeast Scotland, lighting the night sky and startling residents. ", "The crystal Bible to last a billion years Researchers in the U.K. have developed digital data discs that can survive possibly longer than the human race. ", "Cricket spaghetti sold in France This business in northeastern France is making pasta out of creepy crawlies. ", "What is the European Union? CNN's Max Foster explains the origins and founding philosophy of the European Union. ", "500-year-old shipwreck emerges from river A 15th century merchant ship has been raised from a riverbed in the Netherlands. ", "Jews leave France in record numbers New data from Israel shows that a record number of French Jews have left France in the twelve months since the Charlie Hebdo attacks. ", "The hottest designers creating today  ", "Reinventing the classic park bench design  ", "Luxury redefined in 8 new objects  ", "Designer protests Trump's travel ban  "]}